hello how about welcome to snow point
let's go for a spin in this
mercedes fight
we take out
Well, you've already seen it outside 4 meters
and 63 centimeters because in theory it 's
let's say vulgarly a class to ass
but the truth is that the line of this
cereal is good is change the concept
full of what a class
it is true that it shares many finishes
who shares the interior that he shares
so many elements with the class but
it's not that the class was bad or not
like
obviously it is a compact we are
in another range of cars not in another
segment but it is that this fight with the
430 liters of luggage compartment with space
more than correct of the three squares
back and with the habitability that
So the truth is that that without
always lose a sportiness that
it is evident then for example
You've already seen out in this case
concrete enjoy the amg pack that the
truth is that I'm not going to tell you that
it's pretty tuned but it's true
what ailerons air tickets
and front and back flaps as the
truth is that sportsmanship is breathed
Well, on all sides and I do not tell you
nothing inside with this flyer is
all down with perforated leather
with stitches of leather in red thread
the truth is that it is a car that is
very very very worked very well
finished some weak points that
had the class-to have been corrected by
complete and good then we talk about the pack
amg that you also have not seen that these
One-piece seats, at least
the backing of one is a piece as the
truth is that it has a pint
spectacular also I can tell you
dynamically it goes phenomenal in this case
we are testing the fight of 220 cdi to
Diverse diesel engine is on horseback is
seven-speed automatic transmission
as always the peculiarity of mercedes
to put the change here here as
you will understand and as you see there is no
lever or nothing the change is here
and the truth is that we have taken consumption
on motorway more than 800 900 kilometers in
motorway of 53 the average consumption is
now at 55 doing quite street but
the truth is that we have given more to more
cane in highway that in another thing in
mountain roads for the truth is
that works very well but that is very good
car that is very balanced that the
chassis the truth
I'm not going to tell you that it's like a
psc because class c mostly has
a tad more habitability but eye
what kind c has a very enemy
important especially until what
They renew not be long before
renew class c
Perez's friends but this cl to the
truth is that right now as to
price in terms of habitability in
everything because the truth is that you
it makes things very very difficult the
car is very good automatic change
it's great in this unit over
we have this little button that changes us
Well, various devices and
elements so to do
more sporty driving or doing
more ecological driving and the truth is
that for 38 thousand euros worth c220 cdi
with 170 horses and automatic change is
a very balanced car maybe you can
escape a little bit of price but
any lower version even the 10
636 that you have to do consumption is
still a little smaller the truth is that
It is a very painter car is one of those
turns heads everyone turns to
see which car is the truth is that
we are seeing so many there are many of
them on the street and just out at
market does virtually nothing so
from here there is a strong applause to
mercedes for having brought to the market a
very nice car very painter
finished and especially with one with one
dynamics and behavior
absolutely tireless you know
small portal video preview
coches.net reference web page
world the engine if you want to know everything
from cl to ya know you do not have to go to
the web portal cars.net
www.arba.gov.ar eta and hope
thank you, chau